I used tree as the data structure in this project. The tree is stored as tuple, whose first element is a question, second element is the left subtree containing questions and movies if the answer to the question is yes, and third element is the right subtree containing questions and movies if the answer to the question is no. When the questions are exhausted or there is only one movie in a subtree, the subtree would be a leaf in the form of (movies, None, None), where 'movies' is a string containing the information of all movies in the leaf.

Data is organized into tree in Tree.json by the following steps by Construct_tree.py:
1. Pre-process the dataset collected_data.csv which containing information of top 250 movies into a dataset df, which columns are boolean values of questions about movies according to the original data.
2. Initialize a tuple with (df, None, None), then replace the first element df with the first question to ask the user, the second element with the dataset df1 of corresponding movies when answer to the first question is 'yes' (True in values), and the third element with df2 with False in values. Then replace the second and third elements with tuples of the second question and the corresponding datasets recursively. The recursion stops when questions are exhausted or there is 0 or 1 movie in a subtree.
3. To make it easier to read, when saving the tree into file, I turn the tuple into strings and the structure of the tree is prompted by lines of 'Internal node' and 'Leaf'. I also turn the datasets into strings containing information of movies.
